deployment: adds content (#28)
Ada-Developers-Academy/core-unit-2: deployment/problem-set-deployment.md

# Problem Set: Deployment

## Directions

Pre-read the activity for this topic.

Prepare your Hello Books API project for deployment. Your Hello Books API should:

- Be able to run with `$ flask run` without producing errors

>   - To the best of your ability, you should check that no syntax errors, name errors, or other runtime errors can occur

Reviewer: staving off possibilities seems like a tall order. I'd drop can
```suggestion
  - To the best of your ability, you should check that no syntax errors, name errors, or other runtime errors occur
```

- Follow git practices, and all code changes should be pushed to GitHub

> Prepare your Solar System API project for deployment. Similarly, your Solar System API project should be working and up-to-date on GitHub.

Reviewer: expand to encompass the same setup
```suggestion
Prepare your Solar System API project for deployment.

- Perform the same checks as for your Hello Books API project
- Ensure that the latest version is committed and pushed to GitHub
```
